Dad?
Since I was a child, you taught me that the person who knows current affairs is Junjie
how
Why can't you do it yourself now?
Ah, I really want to think about it.
I'm going to ask you one last time.
Yes.
Are you there?
Ah!
Hahahahahaha
immortal
Immortal hahaha
Little man, why are you here?
Go, go, go, go
What are you doing?
This is our dad
Lu Ran, you are really my good brother.
Let go of me!
Brother hahaha don't move don't move
Hahaha
Dad?
Old man hahaha
I'm in a good mood now.
Give me a financial hug
I'll bury you two together
Even if you are a jerk
You shoot, don't go
poor
And that Lu Li
I will go down with you soon.
Killing you is a beast
What are you doing?
Brother don't move